that'll kill you instantly look at all
the butter oh look at this that's a
chocolate syrup overload he loved you
you get me that is extra bold alright
check it out guys as Trevor James we are
in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and we are
bringing you today for an extreme
full-on food adventure we got lots of
food for you
make sure to watch all the way until the
end because this is a very special
episode let's go check it out
get ready for the ultimate Street food
road trip for Darien because today we're
bringing you in deep into the jungle for
the world's stinkiest fruit but first
we're going deep street food ranging
through Kuala Lumpur for some next-level
banana leaf deserts and more like sloppy
street food burgers that you need to try
when you visit Malaysia
let's see awesome guys and first up we
are making our way we're meeting up with
our buddy Mikey who is bringing us for a
full on durian farm exploration with
some side street food quest so first up
I want to give a big thank you to our
long-term partner Express VPN expressvpn
is an app on your phone and computer
that lets you change your location so
you can bypass content restrictions
which is even more important now because
a lot of us are stuck home and look at
this I am in USA San Francisco and you
can access content just like you are
there on all different streaming
services Netflix BBC Player and it's
very useful and another great feature of
expressvpn is it adds a layer of
security to your browsing it's a program
I use all the time to watch different
shows on Netflix in different countries
it's very useful and expressvpn is
offering right now 49 percent off for
all food render viewers using the link
in the description below and here we are
guys right up here we're gonna go to an
ultra famous banana leaf joint southern
Indian style Indian Malaysian style at
your curry house and it's just right
here on the corner let's go check it out
guys oh there's a lineup up acaba Mike
36.3 okay oh and this is the I am going
fried chicken and here we are we just
got in chef curry house we're gonna
get a delicious mountain of rice Emma
Cassie and Perry oh he can you can do
this
oh and that's you can do this Shambo Oh
Terry mckessie oh hello oh it's all
coming this is it guys we just got the
most insane banana leaf peas bean
sprouts pumpkin cucumber raita and then
some greens we've got this chicken baru
ball we've got this thing here e this is
Spanish mackerel fish and a Papa and
then we've got their special sambal ikan
bilis which is anchovy onion spicy maybe
slightly sweet sambal and then we've got
some fried bitter gourd and a mutton
curry and look at the curries we got
today
fish curry crab curry salted fish curry
and chicken curry and this goes all on
your rice onion and dal curries as well
just gonna start let's put some pumpkin
and this is the real joy guys mixing
Curry's take a little crab curry Oh crab
curry let's take some salted fish curry
Oh get the full curry universe and then
let's take some chicken curry
that is a curry galaxy let's take a
little doll there let's just crack a
papad papadum
there it is look at that that is
insanely delicious it's a universe guys
we got fish crab salted fish chicken and
onion curries in there
now you can wash it down with a coconut
okay thank you thank you very much
Cassie and we're gonna keep going guys
and next up before going for an extreme
sloppy burger delight we're bringing you
for some insanely satisfying chocolate
syrup Milo ice you have to see this next
up guys right up here
it's midday now and we just made our way
deep out into pooch on outside of kale
and we found through research a single
stall here that has a very very special
dessert Milo ice try it up so my Patong
a fork of a bike at a minnow meal oh oh
okay
do I terima kasih having here oh and
this is it here start the generator here
we go this is it we're gonna get this
special this is native Milo milk and ice
look at that sit up
very good yeah
wow look at this guy's that is so
satisfying so she is just making the ice
the shaved ice and then she's gonna top
it with this special chocolate syrup
it's gonna be really good then you can
see she's just smoothing it down oh and
here we go it's good whoa look at all
that might ohh look at this that's a
chocolate syrup over the hood wow that
is a lot of chocolate and that is going
to go on top of the ice
that is a lot of chocolate and then it
goes right on to this Wow look at that
and then she's gonna put peanut Wow
peanut and then chocolate sprinkle just
in case you want more sweet oh and you
can get more getting more on adding more
there Mackesy the full chocolate syrup
ice dessert that is guys just topped it
with that meal oh it's thick she's added
on chocolate sprinkles and ooh
peanuts look at that it's like it's
getting hard because the ice is
hardening it Wow
sit up it's so syrupy Wow it is sweet
it's like an upgraded chocolate syrup
you definitely taste hazelnut the peanut
the chocolate sprinkle and that ice
makes it very refreshing can I add some
on base it's so so sweet dang it my
niece oh nice look at that pure
chocolate we're adding more on thank you
see you next time wow that was so good
so sweet and chocolatey but keep going
and before going out the next day with
our buddy Mikey to a durian farm we're
going for sloppy Street burgers
Malaysian style the romli burger you've
got to see this okay guys and last up we
made our way out deep into a local
neighborhood right up here there's a
famous burger joint Malaysia is actually
very famous for sloppy Street burgers
that
the Romney burgers and this place is
famous for their extremely sloppy butter
fried burgers and we're gonna we're
gonna try it out
hi boss so that might Patang oh and
these are the burgers Wow the Romney
burger OH&S oh my goodness look at this
guy's we are gonna have one of these and
they're fried in butter butter fried
romney burgers ducking ducking that is
gonna be Wow look at that oh my goodness
look at all the butter oh look at the
butter in their van yak butter this is
extreme look at all that butter nom box
it up this is crazy guys look at those
patties and Romney burger is famous for
being sloppy and greasy but here you're
gonna take it to the next level the boss
can I have set two special terima kasih
oh look at the butter oh yeah oh and
it's a sloppy satisfaction look at the
mail just getting completely squeezed
out it's a Mayo butter cheese egg
satisfaction here how are you boss it's
good
sit up and he's adding the buns he's
gonna crisp up the buns in that butter
look at this guy's
we're adding in mayo caramelized onion
oh yeah and the butter infused bun and
then catch up look at that this guy's
eggs going in boom
cheese right on Wow look at that the
burgers are wrapped in eggs and cheese
and ketchup that is extreme and then
they go right on the patties here Wow
and they go right on the patty there and
look at that and then watch this final
step more sweet spicy chili and then
closure look at that top fun look how
pretty it is with butter I'm gonna try
it out
we got to try this out guys now look at
this oh my goodness look at how just
pure greasy that is it's like a ball
it's like a it's like a soaked orb of
grease or war look at that bun it's wet
there's caramelized onions there's that
sweet spicy chili oh and then we got the
double Pat Wow my fingers are just so
wet choose from touching that and then
we got the double patty we got the
chicken and the beef looks good right
okay let's try it out
Remley okay let's try it off mmm oh my
goodness that is without a doubt the
heaviest most buttery wet sloppy burger
you'll ever eat there's a sweetness to
that chili sauce slightly spicy and then
the caramelized onions give it an aroma
and then the beef and the chicken
patties are just pure processed
satisfaction just like the greasiest
full-on stomach full of heavy joy
there's a wet burger with cheese have
you ever seen a more messy burger than
that look Tara mckessie sets it up and
the next day we're meeting up with our
buddy Mikey to go to a durian farm and
have a full-on breakfast me
everybody let's go for Darian it's gonna
be fun
how's it going and after a quick 40
minute drive we were in the nearby town
of seremban to have breakfast before
arriving at the durian farm and here we
are we made our way out mike is bringing
us to serum bong today to have amazing
durian at a durian farm but first we're
stopping at a future Chinese chow Joe
Ren style yes
Hakka no he'll turn it off to two
noodles yeah huge open you're joking
let's go check it out guys
here goes super early oh and there's all
these special noodles they're scalable
Wow scallop juggle my bun ah yeah go
hold on ah yeah girl Oh Shivan Lua ah
Jimbo you know go nope okay thanks and
before we knew it
chef was preparing a classic chow Joe
style breakfast noodle as well as a
classic niang tofu dish load it up with
scallop broth and here we are we got the
full-on ciaochao ciaochao style
breakfast but look at all the scallops
there Lao Shu fen literally translated
as rat tail noodles Wow and what's this
here
this is chicken mom check him out like a
fried chicken my ball years is right and
I love how he loaded up the pork lard in
here and there it is that's just just
garnish it with scallop for that
luxurious first base that scallop aroma
it's infused in there it's slightly
sweet like you said and after basking in
the joy of the smoothness of the scallop
broth yes any method huh yeah yeah about
a
we're on our way deep into the jungle to
visit a local durian farm to have an
extreme durian tasting and we are
heading for durian farm into hockey
Theory an orchard and here we are
durian time buddy yeah this is the
orchard let's go try it out
yes here we are look how beautiful this
is so green hi how are you Wow and you
can smell the darin yes and Shanga oh
so beautiful look at it look at all
these durian ready to go oh it's a feast
oh you're so lucky we get to harvest yes
really
on the Moose on King tree Wow
oh it's Valley just so for everyone
watching right now
moose honking is like the premium-grade
durian it the most aromatic specialty
wow that's beautiful
and there's another one that just fell
over here moose on King and Lao ban just
told us to get out from here cuz you
could die if a durian falls on you
that'll kill you instantly and there
they are premium moose honking number
one so they have the moose on king but
also the specialty is the red ripe
flower red flowers right but we're gonna
be having a feast let's go hi jalapao
here we go this is the durian opening
yeah here we go and this is the d13 oh
it's so potent and what I love about
three and is how they all have different
flavors all different flavors oh is this
a good one oh look at that Wow
beautiful Wow and before we knew it all
the durians were open and we were ready
for the tasting so we've got this as the
beautiful b13 or sweet some numbing the
tawa bitter then we've got the golden
phoenix more creamy the mousse on king
the ultimate king sweet butterscotch
remember the the red flower yeah so this
is the d13 more sweet that is like a mmm
a caramel ice cream and after going
through each of the durian including the
premium mousse on king there was one
final durian waiting the red flower
alcoholic whiskey flavor durian
extremely rare you can actually smell
that that alcoholic whiskey I think I'm
at the nightclub right now give it a try
I think it's alcoholic yeah it's like
you're drinking whiskey oh you like it
more yeah number one after a quick drive
back into town into Seremban we found
one of the most famous Chinese bakeries
in the whole city you have to see this
and here we are full on durian and next
Mikey is bringing us the Xiao Bao master
to try the chashu tan Bao baked in the
oven yes let's go try it out let's go
take a look guys look at this anyhow
Ohio down pat Wow nice look at that
plastic Malaysian style egg tarts yeah
look at that
filling and right
behind us is the famous shelve Oh take a
look at this leave me know which I met
Josh Amma Josh out guro so that's gonna
be a sweet barbecue pork Wow and look at
this yeah this is a shop area so you can
see that's a barbecue pork it's going on
the inside of these vows
that is beautiful yeah Wow they're
golden and Charlie I hung out young
Wow and oh Allah and love and just gave
us a full bag of funds and goodies
let's go try it in the hole it's very
nice okay well and this is this must be
the shell buy one yes and take a look Oh
for shall bow and to egg tarts that is a
true specialty and you can get the egg
tart in Macau and Hong Kong in Malaysia
in Singapore and they're all slightly
different but this here is the real
specialty the shell Bao that barbecue
pork Wow fluffy and crispy bun and with
the durian and the breakfast this is the
perfect fill you up even more snack
Shoshanna ban gay Chen cinema really
okay done hope you guys enjoyed that
Street food tour please leave me a
comment down below would love to hear
from you and make sure to subscribe and
click that little Bell notification
button as well so you don't miss any of
these videos thanks a lot guys